Hardware is the most important part for a development company. The server that I will choose is bigger size of the capacity, bigger size of the databases and number of simultaneous order such as cloud or web server. The hardware that I will  choose for developer is desktops. There are some feature that must have before buying a desktops, desktops must decade minimum RAM is 16GB, a fast processer with minimum intel i7 with octa core processer, the desktops install with Windows 10 pro as operating system and the desktop equip with minimum 512GB of SSD ROM.  Desktops also have plenty of positives of their site. Desktops offer more power and expandability at a lower cost. Besides, They're also easier to upgrade, repair, and customize. For example, if you want to add a graphic card for visual work to a desktops, it just add on to it but laptops cannot. A quality desktops can provide longer using time. But I will also choose laptop for the sales staff to allow them use the laptop with customer. Next, a quality printer is required such as Canon Pixma TS9120 because it have fast printing and scanning speeds, with very fast color copying. It also fulfill all the requirement of a small office for daily use. Whether you plan to print out all of your marketing materials or just need to handle basic jobs, invest in high-quality printers for fast printing times and energy savings. Besides, it can support WI-FI connection, so that is no need to connect all the computer by using cable. Minimize printing costs by encouraging your employees to work as a paperless office whenever possible. You will still need a good printer for contracts, legal documents, and other materials. Some printers have multiple functions including scanning, photocopying, and faxing. Then, the another hardware is external Hard Drive. Some computers in your network may need an external hard drive to store certain types of information and help you stay organized. An external hard drive can be a wise investment for startup businesses that don’t want to store information in the Cloud or on their computers’ hard drives. External hard drives can protect valuable and sensitive business data in the event of an accident, such as a fire. You can use these as back-up devices for certain types of data and even invest in a system with built-in locks and extra layers of security to prevent theft. 
The network connectivity that I will choose is LAN. Because data can be shared across the network. For example, this would allow several people to work on the same project. The setting up of hierarchical system passwords to allow different users different access is the key to controlling access to most company databases. Besides, software can be shared between the developers, and upgrading is easier too. This gives continuity in the workplace. However, sharing software is often not much cheaper than providing a copy for each machine because a license has to be bought for each copy of the software needed. The architecture of the network is star network. Because If one node or its connection breaks, it does not affect the other computers nor their connections and it can work under heavy load. Then, I will choose the UNIFI Business 500MBps plan for my company. Next, a wireless router is also important for small office. Another advantage of star network is  able to appropriate for a large network A strong wireless connection can ensure high-speed connectivity to all linked computers and mobile devices. With wireless ac router , it will working wirelessly will reduce the need for extra cables running in and around your office. Wireless-AC has higher bandwidth that can transmitted data more faster. Another advantage is can ensure that the office to keep more tidy and easily to maintain.
I will buy a software license such as Windows 10 pro operating system and anti-virus software for the programming software that the developer use. Antivirus software will scan the devices and detect the present of the virus. It will protect the data of the development from browser hijackers, ransomware, keyloggers, backdoors, rootkits, trojan horses, worms, malicious LSPs, dialers, fraudtools, adware and spyware. I will choose Avast anti-virus software for my company. Antivirus is very important to any business company that have customer’s data and transaction of bank.
The cost  of a desktops will cost RM5000 per one that including monitor, mouse and other devices. The cost of a laptops will cost RM3000 per pc. The cost of a printer will cost RM3900 per pc. The cost of a external hard-drive will cost RM250 per pc. The UNIFI Business plan will cost RM299 per month. The TP link wireless ac router will cost RM432 per pc. The license of Windows 10 pro will cost RM1299 per computer. The license of anti-virus will cost RM8694 per year. The total IT investment cost is RM35,874.00.
